# Url                                                            Category   Name
http://feeds.wnyc.org/radiolab                                   radio      Radio Lab
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=35                         radio      Wait Wait Dont Tell Me
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=510299                     radio      Ask Me Another
http://feeds.themoth.org/themothpodcast                          radio      The Moth
http://feeds.thisamericanlife.org/talpodcast                     radio      This American Life
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=510298                     radio      Ted Radio Hour
http://www.marketplace.org/node/all/podcast.xml                  radio      Marketplace
http://americanpublicmedia.publicradio.org/podcasts/xml/dinner-party/podcast.xml radio Dinner Party Download
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tciafpodcast                         radio      Re:sound
http://www.abc.net.au/radionational/feed/2883726/podcast.xml     radio      Future Tense
http://www.npr.org/rss/podcast.php?id=510282                     radio      Pop Culture Happy Hour
http://americanpublicmedia.publicradio.org/podcasts/xml/splendid_table/kitchen_questions.xml radio The Splended Table
http://feeds.wnyc.org/onthemedia                                 radio      On The Media

http://www.thesoundsinmyhead.com/rss.xml                         net      The Sound in My Head
http://feeds.99percentinvisible.org/99percentinvisible           net        99 Percent Invisible
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WelcomeToNightVale                   net        Welcome to Night Vale
http://feeds.prx.org/toe                                         net        Theory of Everything
http://podcast.rickygervais.com/podcast.xml                      net        The Ricky Gervais Podcast


http://rubyrogues.com/feed/                                      dev        Ruby Rouges
http://feeds.gitminutes.com/gitminutes-podcast                   dev        Gitminutes

http://www.startalkradio.net/feed/shows/                         astronomy  Star Talk Radio
http://www.planetary.org/system/rss/channel.jsp?feedID=328434498 astronomy  Planetary

http://www.kcrw.com/news/programs/lr/RSS                         news Left Right and Center
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WhoChartedwithHowardKremer           music Who Charted
http://www.tatw.co.uk/podcast.xml                                music Above and Beyond
http://www.kcrw.com/music/programs/mb/RSS                        music Morning Becomes Eclectic

http://www.howstuffworks.com/podcasts/stuff-you-should-know.rss  sci   Stuff You Should Know
http://feeds.feedburner.com/dancarlin/history?format=xml         sci   Hardcore History
http://www.kcrw.com/news/programs/in/RSS                         sci   This Is Interesting
http://bornyesterdaypodcast.com//rss                             sci   Born Yesterday

http://feeds.feedburner.com/risk-show/yWzy?format=xml                  stories RISK
http://feeds.soundcloud.com/users/soundcloud:users:13270730/sounds.rss stories HereBeMonsters
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thetruthapm                                stories The Truth

http://feeds.feedburner.com/SlateCultureGabfest?format=xml culture   Slate Culture Gabfest
http://riyl.podbean.com/feed/                              culture   RiYL
http://smodcast.com/channels/get-up-on-this/feed/          culture   Get Up On This
